# User Intent Recognition

### Overview

User intent recognition is a crucial component in natural language processing (NLP) systems, aiming to understand the underlying goals or purposes expressed by users in their input. This README file provides a comprehensive guide to create and implement a user intent recognition system.

### Training Dataset

Dataset Used: [Banking77](https://huggingface.co/datasets/banking77) on HuggingFace

The "banking77" dataset, available on Hugging Face, is a collection of natural language queries related to the banking domain. Comprising 13,083 queries in English spread across 77 classes of user intents, it covers a diverse range of user intents and scenarios encountered in banking applications. This dataset is valuable for training and evaluating models in user intent recognition and other natural language processing tasks within the financial domain.

### Installation

Please follow the following steps for the setup and installation before running the project:

- Create a vietual environment using the following command (Optional):

  `python -m venev env`

- Activate the environment using the following command (Optional):

  `./env/Scripts/`

- Please download the LLM (large Language Model) from the [Link](https://huggingface.co/orel12/ggml-gpt4all-j-v1.3-groovy/resolve/main/ggml-gpt4all-j-v1.3-groovy.bin?download=true).
- Save the downloaded model inside the models directory in main project directory,.
- Install all the dependencies from the requirements.txt file by using the command:

  `pip install -r requirements.txt`

- Select the kernel to be the environment kernel in the VS Code (if run on VS Code).
- Deactivate the environment using following command:

  `deactivate`

### Running the Project

Run the project simply as a Python Notebook is run, or export it to a python file and run as a python file using command:

`python file.py`

### Code Analysis

The following steps are followed in the execution fo the code:

1. All the required libraries are imported.
2. The `banking77` dataset is downloaded from Huggingface and stored in a variable.
3. The model is trained on the dataset along with the corresponding intents of users.
4. The LLM model is loaded and a function to create a LLMChain is ecexuted, which feeds some prompt to the LLM and question is generated by the LLM.
5. Finally, the model is set to run, to detect the intention of the user based on the user queries, after certain iterations.

Sample output from the model, based on queries can be seen in the file sample_output.txt.

### Contributions

- Prashant Mittal - 2020CSB1113
- Shyam Prajapati - 2020CSB1110
- Keshav Gulati - 2020CSB1095
